v8.5.5 br: add compact log backup (#20342) (#22209)
pingcap/docs: br/br-compact-log-backup.md

---
title: Compact Log Backup
summary: Learn how to improve Point-in-time Recovery (PITR) efficiency by compacting log backups into the SST format.
---

# Compact Log Backup

This document describes how to improve the efficiency of point-in-time recovery ([PITR](/glossary.md#point-in-time-recovery-pitr)) by compacting log backups into the [SST](/glossary.md#static-sorted-table--sorted-string-table-sst) format.

## Overview

Traditional log backups store write operations in a highly unstructured manner, which can lead to the following issues:

- **Reduced recovery performance**: unordered data has to be written to the cluster one by one through the Raft protocol.
- **Write amplification**: all writes must be compacted from L0 to the bottommost level by level.
- **Dependency on full backups**: frequent full backups are required to control the amount of recovery data, which can impact application operations.

> Starting from v9.0.0, the compact log backup feature provides offline compaction capabilities, converting unstructured log backup data into structured SST files. This results in the following improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.5.5, the compact log backup feature provides offline compaction capabilities, converting unstructured log backup data into structured SST files. This results in the following improvements:
```
